[neon sign buzzing]
[Radio host]
That was "The Sacrifice,"
the Viking metal anthem
that will live for the ages,
by Blood Death,
as we mourn the loss of
four of its members
found dead in a hotel room
in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
[Cordelia]
Some whack-job berserker
named Johan
blew up the biker bar
while your dad was inside.
♪
Who are you?
I know you as you know me.
"I" is "we."
You have had this
power all along.
You can reclaim it now.
With the power of the "we."
[Trending]
SHARD is about building
a church of the mind
for 8 billion
worshippers.
[glitching]
Could you warn me
before you do that?
Uh, Laura.
Hi, kids.
Laura.
I hear we have
a common enemy.
[Chad]
Alison McGovern didn't show up
to school or work yesterday.
No one's seen or heard
from her since.
Yo, yo, my G.
How you livin', bro?
[Shadow]
What's the deal with this?
[Mabel]
Three more break-ins
since Alison went missing.
Some sicko is stealing
ladies' unmentionables...
You hurt my sister,
I'll know.
She's been
through hell already.
[Mr. Wednesday] So, you... you'll leave with me
when the release papers come?
[Demeter]
Tomorrow...
Tomorrow is soon enough.
[Mr. Wednesday]
Until tomorrow, then.
No.
No, Demeter, don't go.
♪
♪ It's been a long time ♪
♪ Since I've held you
in my arms... ♪
♪
♪ Since I've felt,
felt your magic charm ♪
I'm sorry things didn't
work out with your ex.
♪ Oh you did me wrong ♪
If you want to
talk about it...
♪ Now you say
you want to come back ♪
Well, I guess
I'll just keep driving
to an unknown destination
until I run out of road...
♪ When I say that I... ♪
Or you regain
the power of speech.
Any idea when
that might be?
[gasping]
[tires screeching]
[body thudding]
What the fuck?
[car door closing]
[sizzling]
[heavy breathing]
♪
Oh, shit!
Where the hell did
he come from? Hey!
Talk to me!
A flaming body
just fell out of the sky!
-Be quiet.
-What? Aw, shit!
Just get in the car.
What? Look, I am down
for a lot of shit
-but I did not sign up for
whatever the fuck that is.
-Enough. Just get in the car.
♪
[sighing]
[tires screeching]
[heavy footsteps approaching]
[heavy breathing]
[fire sizzling]
[animalistic growling]
[fire crackling]
♪
[growling]
[choking]
[truck horn blaring]
♪
[bell dinging]
Can I top that up
for you, hon?
Oh, just a splash.
Don't let
Dr. Fallon see.
He's been
all over me lately
about cutting
back on caffeine.
I never serve and tell.
Good morning, Mike.
Table or counter today?
Uh, neither, thanks.
I'm actually
looking for Derek.
I would love
to help you out,
but Derek is a no-show
this morning.
Probably overslept.
Can I give him a message?
No. No, thanks.
I'll catch him later.
Well, at least
let me jump-start you
with a cup of joe.
Hey, Mike.
Glad I ran into you.
You know, I got those skates
that you called me about.
So, is now a good time
to come by the store
to pick 'em up?
Uh, yeah, sure, why not?
Okay, great.
Marguerite's
gonna have you
working your inside
edge in no time.
[sighing]
Five dollars a day,
new skater discount.
And I'm gonna
waive the deposit
as a thank you for getting
that stubborn young woman
back into the dating pool.
Oh, no, no, no. She...
[chuckling]
She just agreed
to skating lessons.
Every journey starts
with a single step.
On ice.
[chuckling]
Whatever you say.
Um, I guess
I will take it...
Yeah, I'll-I'll take 'em
for the week.
Okay, 35.
[cash register beeping
and dinging]
I couldn't help overhearing
you asking about Derek.
Uh, yeah.
Yeah, I-I just had
a question for him.
Well, it's a shame he didn't
show up for work today.
I really thought having a
regular job would turn him
around.
Turn him around?
Well, Derek's a troubled kid.
Not a bad kid, mind you.
Just...
he has a lot of
difficulty fitting in.
Doesn't have a lot
of friends and...
and after his dad passed,
his mom started
working two jobs.
We got him the job at Mabel's
through the Lakeside
Youth Initiative.
Right, yeah, someone
did mention that you,
you work with a youth group
or something?
Yeah. Founder and
Chairperson Emeritus
five terms.
[chuckling]
Okay, maybe... maybe you could
give me some advice then.
Um, given your experience
with kids.
Oh, ask away.
Well...
I may have seen Derek
do something he shouldn't have.
Something serious?
Yeah.
♪
I saw him jump out of
a window last night on Gorman.
Which technically is
breaking and entering.
Damn.
-Yeah.
-Damn, damn.
Stupid kid.
And you decided not to go
to Chad about this?
I saw you stewing outside
the police station.
Right. Yeah, well, it could
be just a dumb prank.
I think I know a cry for help
when I see one.
So, what, you think I shouldn't
call the police?
[sighing]
Well, I'm not the one
who caught him in the act.
I think it's a tough decision.
Yeah.
Well, thanks.
♪
You want to kill Wednesday.
We wanna help you do that.
You obviously have the resources
yourself to kill Wednesday.
Why do you need Laura
to do your dirty work?
This arrangement
is really between
the young woman
and Mr. World.
Maybe it's best you
wait out in the lobby.
[rustling]
I'm done waiting in lobbies.
You haven't answered
my question.
It's a delicate situation.
[rustling]
If we kill Wednesday,
we start a war
that no one wants.
However, if you were to do
the deed, it would be viewed
as a personal matter.
An aggrieved party
settling a score.
There would be no cause for the All-Father's compatriots
to take up arms against us.
It's a win-win.
[whirring]
[Laura]
See, the problem is,
I don't have a way
to kill the old shitbag
even if I did know
where the fuck he was.
Nothing is out
of our reach.
Oh, really? So, you can
get Odin's spear
out of Sweeney's hoard?
[whirring]
It can be done.
Well, then,
sign me the fuck up.
[slamming]
I need to, uh,
speak to my client.
♪
[door bell ringing]
-[knocking]
-Derek!
I know you saw me last night.
But believe it or not,
I'm here to help.
[footsteps approaching]
Listen, uh...
You know, I-I never
featured you for a snitch.
You know, this goes a lot
better for you, Derek,
if you just tell me
what happened to Alison.
Wh... Alison?
Wh...
-Alison and I were cool.
-Hum...
Look, I-I-I would never
fuck with her, never.
Okay? And-and the night
that she disappeared,
I was working
a double shift. Okay?
And then, I went home
and I watched
the old tube with my mom.
So, I-I haven't done
anything wrong.
All right?
[clearing throat]
Okay, uh, I-I may have went
into a couple of houses.
Eleven, by my count.
You broke into where
people live, Derek,
where they sleep.
I mean, God,
you're stealing panties,
for Chrissake.
Terrorizing
the entire town.
Terr-terrori...?
I-I like to wear female shit
sometimes, okay?
What, you want me
to walk into Galecki's,
buy myself a little
push-up bra and a thong?
Yeah, yeah, that'd go over big
in this little fuckin' town.
♪
See, see that's what
I'm talking about.
Right there! Right there!
He thinks I'm a fucking fag
or somethin'!
I-I... I don't care
if you are a...
a boy or a girl, or...
or-or-or both, or-or neither.
Okay? I-I don't get it,
but I don't have to!
What you did is a crime!
So, what, I'm-I'm just, I'm
just straight-up fucked then.
Even though I had nothing
to do with this Alison shit.
Chad's willing
to make you a deal.
[sighing]
Back in my country, I was
an excellent businessman.
Allow me to negotiate
the terms and conditions.
Um, just out of curiosity,
were assassination attempts
your speciality?
No, of course not,
but in Oman,
a verbal contract
is binding.
And from everything
I've seen here,
it's the same with gods.
Once the terms are set,
they can't be undone.
Now is not the time
to be impulsive.
Impulsive?
Because I know
what I want?
This is not Oman, Salim.
In America,
women can drive cars.
They even let us vote,
and some of us can negotiate
our own fuckin' deals.
Women can do all
those things in Oman!
And you know me
well enough to understand
this is not what I mean
by impulsive.
I value our friendship.
I care about your well-being.
And I don't want you
to end up like Sweeney
or the Jinn, who sold
their souls to the devil.
And for what?
Okay. Fine.
-Okay?
-Okay.
♪
[car door opening]
Cordelia?
Hey! What the hell
are you doing here?
Wednesday sent me
to find you.
He said it'd be safe here.
I went to your house
but you weren't there,
so I came into town.
Okay. Calm down.
Slow down.
Why'd he send you here?
What... Safe from what?
When my boss announces
he's a god
and someone is killing
his followers,
which apparently explains
why it's partly cloudy
with a chance
of human remains!
I mean, what the fuck?
All right, um...
Look, I'm not asking
if he's crazy.
We both know he's
bat shit out of his tree.
I need to know if any of what
he told me is true.
-Oh, my God.
-Come on.
You're probably cold.
Come on.
Oh, my God. All of this
is real, isn't it?
-It's okay. It's okay.
-I answered a fucking ad.
It was cash
under the table.
Dude wasn't trying
to get in my pants.
One minute
I'm trying to explain
where all the payphones went,
and then a flaming body
hits the asphalt
and he's telling me to chill
about all these murders
because he's
a thousand years old
-and kicks it with warlocks.
-Shh. Hey, hey. Shh.
Okay. I get it. I get it.
Okay, believe me.
I was you.
Okay? Not too long ago.
Up was up, down was down,
and then everything
in my life, it just...
...it exploded.
Okay, but...
I didn't have anyone
I could talk to.
You have me.
And you are what, exactly?
I don't... the jury's
still out on that, okay?
Where is he?
Uh, he said he wanted to get
a line on a berserker?
He wants me to wait here,
but I did not make
any promises.
Okay, good.
All right. Come on.
We've got a lot to talk about.
[sighing]
We will tell you
the time and the place
of the attack.
♪
Agreed. However,
you must provide
immediate extraction
from the scene
to ensure Laura's safety.
Furthermore,
once the target
has been eliminated,
you, your allies,
officiates, and surrogates
shall furnish
24-hour protection for her
from any and all parties
seeking retribution
or retaliation.
Not a problem.
Upon completion
of the assignment,
my client will have
no further obligation to you,
your successors,
heirs, or assignees.
Sounds like you don't trust us.
We will need these terms
and conditions memorialized
in a document binding
on both parties.
Agreed and accepted.
I think we're done here.
Uh, wait.
One more thing.
That protection also
has to cover Salim
and one other person.
Shadow Moon.
Why not?
However, if you should fail
to hold up on your end,
you will die and
your friends'll die.
I accept.
You can't do this.
Salim, I'm not gonna
fuck this up.
Hmm...
Now we do have a deal.
The phone's GPS will direct you
to your first location.
Once there, you will
receive instructions
on how to acquire
the spear.
Uh, what about expenses?
You can tap that.
Okay.
Godspeed.
Eat a dick.
[laughing]
[knocking on door]
Thank the gods
you're okay, huh?
Now, where's Cordelia, huh?
She's in the shower.
Your whole coming-out routine
really fucked her brain up
pretty good. What's goin' on?
Some blood-craving berserker,
who was once signed
to protect me,
has lost whatever his last
tenuous grip was on reality,
and, I don't know,
due to psychedelics,
brain fever,
the curse of Fu Manchu,
who knows anyway,
lately, he's taken to
slaughtering my followers.
It's fine.
I'm not a follower.
No, you are not.
You're my son.
Which is why you need
to come with us
until this has been resolved.
All right, look, I'm...
I wouldn't count on Cordelia
as a travel companion.
Okay? And I'm definitely not
gonna just drop everything here
to get on the road
with you again.
Because you have met someone.
♪
I dunno what your little
birds have told you.
What I have learned...
...is that cruel fate
gives us few opportunities
to totally connect
with the soul of another.
Cordelia did say
things didn't work out
with you and Demeter.
Sadly, no.
-[door creaking]
-It's a shame.
Hmm.
If you do stay, promise me
you'll be vigilant?
Yeah.
Aren't you in danger, too?
I haven't been around
for millennia
without learning
how to fend for myself.
[Shadow]
Ah, now look, if you...
If you need me, and I mean
really need me...
...you call.
[floor creaking]
Cordelia, my dear.
I realize recent developments
have brought forth
some disturbing truths.
Heh.
Disturbing truths.
Don't you think that's
kind of an understatement?
Oh, well.
That's his specialty.
It's a... it's a lot
to take in.
Indeed.
I rarely make mistakes
in my personnel selection,
but under the circumstances,
I'm releasing you from
any contractual obligations
-you might have to...
-Oh, oh, oh, oh!
You-you get me jammed up
in this creep show,
-and now you're firing me?
-No, no, no, no, no.
I'm giving you a choice.
And if I choose
to stay put?
Wait, what?
That's my girl, huh?
Well, you get dressed.
I'll wait for you
in the car, okay?
And you...
You stay safe, huh?
[footsteps receding]
[door opening]
Hey.
[door closing]
[gasping]
You don't owe him anything.
And-and just so you know,
this doesn't get
any less dangerous.
So what?
I'm just supposed to go back
to business as usual
knowing gods walk among us?
I can't do that.
Any more than you can.
[door closing]
Fuck...
♪
[woman singing opera]
[Ibis]
"Bilquis arrived in this land
a deity in full.
The avatar of Sheba,
a queen, Goddess of love.
Or was she?
Her worshippers
told her as much,
though perhaps
they were communicating
what they needed her to be.
Then, through the intercession
of the Orishas,
our divine sister identified
who she was not.
But before one can step
into the light
of one's own truth,
one must first
determine what that truth is.
Quo vadis, as the Romans say.
Where are you going?
And why?"
Sisters,
let the spirit of the "we"
guide me
-to divine right action...
-[exhaling]
...in word and deed
to spread the knowledge
that in the strength
of the many
lies the power
of the one love.
♪
[whirring]
[animalistic growling]
[baby crying]
[panting]
♪
[skates gliding]
You got this.
There you go.
Come on, eyes up.
Come on.
Yeah, I-I... I read
that ice is harder
than concrete.
Don't think about the ice.
Think about
bending your knees,
keeping your weight centered.
Relax your shoulders.
Whoa!
Okay, ah!
What happened?
What happened? I was totally
concentrating on relaxing.
Concentrate less,
relax more.
And try not to face plant.
Thanks.
Okay.
Let's try this.
There you go.
Follow me.
I was wondering
if you might wanna... Oh!
-Steady.
-Ha! Ha! ...grab dinner
after this.
As-as like a thank you
for the lesson.
You know, y-you and Leon can
come, of course.
Leon's got a sleepover tonight,
but if you don't mind
having dinner with just me?
-Whoa! Whoa!
-[laughing]
-Yup.
-I've got ya.
Uh.
Yeah.
That works for me.
How about we try letting go?
Yeah, I...
Not sure I'm ready.
[laughing]
You got this.
It's easy.
You, Mike Ainsel,
are a miracle on ice.
♪
[rumbling]
[grunting]
[exhaling]
♪
[coin clinking]
[sizzling]
Mike?
[laughing]
You really ate it.
Did you... did you
see that coin?
Hey. Are you okay?
Did you hit your head?
No, I'm... I'm fine.
I think you better
stay put for a minute.
Then, a cup of hot cocoa
will fix you right up.
♪
♪ All right ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Tell me why did you
have to go ♪
[baby crying]
♪ Girl I'm 'bout to fall away ♪
♪ To get you back ♪
♪ So good to fall away ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[muffled conversations]
Hi! Welcome
to the party!
[chuckling]
I'm Melody.
I'm... Bilquis.
I... believe I'm supposed
to meet someone here.
Well, there's a lot
of someones here, so...
[growling, baby crying]
That's her.
Eugenia?
Everybody loves Eugenia.
Even though she's
quite a handful,
especially
since she got sick.
Eugenia.
Will you excuse me?
You might wanna go easy.
Eugenia?
I believe that you and I
have something to talk about.
Well, isn't that fine.
Now give me back my plate.
-I'm here because--
-I know why you're here.
And I'll tell you
what I've been telling
Pastor Jenkins:
I know I'm dying,
but he got to stop sending
you church ladies here
with your smiley ways
to hurry me
off to my reward.
I'm not from--
I appreciate all the church
has done for the community,
even though I don't buy
the product you're selling,
but I've still got business
to see to in this life.
So you go about
your business!
But first, give me
back my plate!
♪
[Bilquis]
Oshun?
It's difficult
to invite someone
to be a part of something
until you are a part
of it yourself.
♪
I tried to warn you.
Eugenia's always
been direct, but lately...
her bite is like
a junkyard dog.
She's a kitty cat
next to my auntie.
When she tears a strip off you,
you best get yourself
checked for rabies.
[laughing]
Come. Let's get some cake.
♪ I got to find a way to get
this New Orleans back ♪
♪ I can't stand it no longer ♪
[door closing]
Hey, if this Johan guy's
so dangerous,
why do you think talking
to him's gonna help?
I may not talk to him.
I may just fucking kill him.
Come on.
Oh, yeah.
♪
[knife slashing]
Dunker!
Dunk!
There you are, huh?
Geirvaldr!
[chuckling]
It's been so long.
It has indeed.
When last we met,
you had just done a widow
out of her last cent
and had eaten her goat.
Yeah, if I wasn't so full,
I-I would have eaten
her kid, too.
"Kid" as in baby goat?
[laughing]
Yeah.
Such a roly-poly boy.
You know, the fat ones,
they're always- they're always
best for eatin'.
Anyway, I'm here
to see your tenant.
Wait here. And remember
if you touch anything,
you'll need a tetanus shot.
[flies buzzing]
Rules are rules, All-Father.
-Even for you.
-Of course.
And rules need to be obeyed.
Proceed.
Speech it spoils,
yet speech it frees.
Hmm. Booze perhaps?
Dunker, you gotta
do better than that.
Thank you. Huh.
Jesus.
We could all use a drink.
♪
[neon crackling]
[flies buzzing]
[knife cutting]
♪
Johan is not there.
Yeah.
Went out a while ago.
And you didn't think
to mention that to me
before I went upstairs.
I like to do the riddles.
[Mr. Wednesday]
Any idea where he's gone?
I dunno. He said something
about going to a dentist.
♪
Cordelia, we're outta here.
[knife cutting]
Hey, what would happen
if he didn't answer the riddle?
Oh, I-I would've got
to cut out his tongue.
[gasping in disgust]
♪ But I'm the girl who's
getting...♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Come on,
and give it back ♪
♪ Won't you give it back♪
♪
♪ Then you come back to me
saying I'm no good ♪
♪ Tell me where... ♪
[stomping]
[rumbling]
♪
[murmuring indistinctly]
[grunting]
[low growling]
Johan.
[demonic murmuring]
You don't want to do this.
Turn around, walk away.
[demonic murmuring]
[growling]
♪
[sighing]
[exhaling]
♪
[chuckling]
I can't believe
I didn't recognize you.
I had to show you
who I was.
[laughing]
♪
I'm not ready to
leave this life yet.
Go harvest your souls
somewhere else.
Shoo!
[gasping]
You were there.
You were with Shadow Moon.
Yes, I was.
I midwifed him
into this world.
Mother Yemoja
guiding my hands.
His father was angry.
Bound to these shores.
I didn't like
breaking up a family,
but he would've
destroyed that boy.
Shadow Moon is a man now.
But he still
needs our help.
Your help.
Only you have the power
to find The Other.
The Other?
Shadow Moon's
only one-half.
He cannot lead the people,
the "we" alone.
You must find The Other.
If you do not, the people
can never come together,
and these will be
our last days.
♪
[laughing]
Too bad it's not snowing.
It's so warm and toasty
sitting in here
with it falling all around.
Feels like you're in
one of those snow globes.
-That'd be something, huh?
-Mm-hmm.
♪
It's kind of like
you made that happen.
It's a bar trick I learned.
[chuckling]
♪ And a picture frame
wouldn't help me now ♪
♪ Need a steady hand
Intentions clouded on you ♪
♪ So I'm not a forest ♪
♪ Even if I thought
I was one with you ♪
♪ 'Cause you're not an angel
even if you're close ♪
[wind blowing]
♪
[horse neighing]
Hello!
Who's there?
Hey! Over here!
Hey!
[chains clinking]
[horse snorting]
[grunting]
[grunting, panting]
♪
[gasping]
[Cordelia]
So, why does a dentist
need such a big
office building?
To make him feel
like he's a success
when he knows
he's a failure.
[chuckling]
-Let's go, then.
-No, wait.
I know this guy,
and this could
take a while.
So, I want you
to go back to the hotel,
take a bath, have a drink,
hack into the interweb,
and do whatever it is
you do there,
and I'll be in touch.
-Fuck no.
-[sighing]
My whole life I've never
been a part of anything.
And now I am.
Even though I have
no idea what it is.
♪
No.
This part doesn't
concern you.
I'll take it from here,
and I'll meet you back
at the hotel for dinner
because I will be fucking
starving by then, okay?
Right. Here.
I can track this
from my computer.
If you don't come back,
I can come find you...
Please.
Thank you for caring.
♪
♪ If you are the dealer ♪
♪ I'm out of the game ♪
♪ If you are the healer
it means I'm broken and lame ♪
♪ If thine is the glory
then mine must be the shame ♪
♪ You want it darker ♪
♪ We kill the flame ♪
[knocking on door]
♪ Magnified, sanctified,
be thy holy name ♪
♪ Vilified, crucified,
in the human frame ♪
♪ A million candles burning
for the help that never came ♪
♪ You want it darker ♪
♪ Hineni, hineni ♪
♪ I'm ready, my Lord ♪
[Tyrell]
Thank God you're here.
I'm your father's friend.
Your father sent me
to get you.
He needs your help
in a matter of some urgency,
and my car is just outside.
♪ There's a lover
in the story ♪
♪ But the story's
still the same ♪
♪ There's a lullaby
for suffering ♪
♪ And a paradox to blame ♪
♪ But it's written
in the scriptures ♪
♪ And it's not some
idle claim ♪
♪ You want it darker ♪
Goodbye, my little fire bear.
♪ They're lining up
the prisoners ♪
♪ And the guards are
taking aim ♪
♪ I struggled with some demons ♪
♪ They were middle class
and tame ♪
♪ I didn't know
I had permission ♪
♪ To murder and to maim ♪
♪ You want it darker ♪
[glitching]
♪ Hineni, hineni ♪
♪ I'm ready, my Lord ♪
♪ Magnified, sanctified,
be thy holy name ♪
♪ Vilified, crucified,
in the human frame ♪
♪ A million candles burning ♪
♪ For the love
that never came ♪
♪ You want it darker ♪
♪ We kill the flame ♪
♪ If you are the dealer,
let me out of the game ♪
♪ If you are the healer,
I'm broken and lame ♪
♪ If thine is the glory,
mine must be the shame ♪
♪ You want it darker ♪
♪ Hineni, hineni ♪
♪ I'm ready, my Lord ♪
♪ Hineni ♪